---
layout: "page"
title: "SAP Architecture & Guidelines"
permalink: "/SAP-Architecture-Guidelines"
---
mySAP Architecture & Guidelines

ABAP Enhancement Switch Framework
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/ABAP%20Enhancement%20Switch%20Framework.pdf

Architecture Bluebook SAP MDM
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Architecture%20Bluebook%20SAP%20MDM.pdf

Architecture Bluebook SAP SRM
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Architecture%20Bluebook%20SAP%20SRM.pdf

Architecture Blueprint Duet vNext
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Architecture%20Blueprint%20Duet%20vNext.pdf

Architecture Blueprint MAP
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Architecture%20Blueprint%20MAP.pdf

Architecture Blueprint SAP CRM 2007
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Architecture%20Blueprint%20SAP%20CRM%202007.pdf

Architecture Blueprint SAP JVM
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Architecture%20Blueprint%20SAP%20JVM.pdf

Architecture Blueprint Solid Rock
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Architecture%20Blueprint%20Solid%20Rock.pdf

Architecture bluebook DBM 7.0
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Architecture%20bluebook%20DBM%207.0.pdf

Architecture of AP
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/ArchitectureOfAP-2008.pdf

BME046.01-LiveCache
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/BME046.01-LiveCache.pdf

BS2008 Stable Core and Enhancement Packages
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/BS2008%20Stable%20Core%20and%20Enhancement%20Packages.pdf

BlueBook Architecture SAP ERP Operations
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/BlueBook%20Architecture%20SAP%20ERP%20Operations.pdf

Bluebook SAP-APO Advanced Planner And Optimizer
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Bluebook%20AdvancedPlannerAndOptimizer.pdf

Bluebook Architecture Guidelines PLM
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Bluebook%20Architecture%20Guidelines%20PLM.pdf

Bluebook Architecture Guidelines SAP BuzSuite7'0
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Bluebook%20Architecture%20Guidelines%20SAP%20BuzSuite7'0.pdf

Bluebook Architecture Guidelines SCM 2008
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Bluebook%20Architecture%20Guidelines%20SCM%202008.pdf

Bluebook Architecture Guidelines SRM 7'0
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Bluebook%20Architecture%20Guidelines%20SRM%207'0.pdf

Bluebook Architecture SAP ERP HCM
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Bluebook%20Architecture%20SAP%20ERP%20HCM.pdf

Bluebook Architecture iCOD Guidelines for Model driven Composites in CE
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Bluebook%20Architecture%20iCOD%20Guidelines%20for%20Model%20driven%20Composites%20in%20CE%20.pdf

Bluebook SAP Architecture & Strategy Roadmap eSOA consumption
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Bluebook%20SAP%20Architecture%20%26%20Strategy%20Roadmap%20eSOA%20consumption.pdf

Bluebook SAP Entp Architecture & Strategy Roadmap
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Bluebook%20SAP%20Entp%20Architecture%20%26%20Strategy%20Roadmap.pdf

CRM Marketing Object Layer.
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/CRM%20Marketing%20Object%20Layer.pdf

EDEN (E2E Model driven software lifecycle mgmt
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/EDEN%20(E2E%20Model%20driven%20software%20lifecycle%20mgmt.pdf

Enterprise Architecture Blueprint
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Enterprise%20Architecture%20Blueprint.pdf

EnterpriseArchitects_UIRoadmap
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/EnterpriseArchitects_UIRoadmap.ppt

FIP-PerishablesProcurement
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/FIP-PerishablesProcurement.pdf

NW Composition Environment
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/NW%20Composition%20Environment.pdf

NearTermBigPictureUI
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/NearTermBigPictureUI.ppt

Next Generation AII_OER
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Next%20Generation%20AII_OER.pdf

OMG Concepts OMA And CORBA20
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/OMGConceptsOMAAndCORBA20.pdf

Retail Demand Management Foundation
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Retail%20Demand%20Management%20Foundation.pdf

SAP's Client Strategy around VC, Web Dynpro, and Pagebuilder.
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/SAPs%20Client%20Strategy%20around%20VC%2C%20Web%20Dynpro%2C%20and%20Pagebuilder.pdf

Switch of AP_NW for Usage in SAP Business Suite - Details
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/Switch%20of%20AP_NW%20for%20Usage%20in%20SAP%20Business%20Suite%20-%20Details.ppt

UI Modeling using VCand Web Dynpro Today and in Future
https://github.com/cujjal/SAP-ERP-Architectural-Guidelines/blob/master/UI%20Modeling%20using%20VCand%20Web%20Dynpro%20Today%20and%20in%20Future.pdf
