---
layout: "page"
title: "Research & Publications"
permalink: "/Research-Publications"
---
Autonomous driving: research and develop algorithms for scene prediction and understanding, planning and sequential decision making, using diverse set of richly labelled data

Basic research involved developing methods for generative model and unsupervised learning , reinforcement learning, evolutionary algorithms, and metaLearning.; Deployed real-time control interfaces for robotic manipulation, developed techniques for reinforcement and imitation learning ; Implemented real time performance in autonomous vehicle using complementary sensor fusion data, and offline processing to create ground truth for training algorithms; Developed state-of-the-art algorithms for: full scene sequence understanding and prediction models, multi-modal data processing, learning for planning and decision making ; Developed expertise in research areas such as computer vision, AI, machine learning, and applied mathematics, including areas such as supervised learning, graphical models, reinforcement learning, optimal control ; Deployed Semantic segmentation of stereo camera frames using Pytorch, Segnet

SAP iXP Research (Leonardo) ML Data Science: with application of Computational Linguistics, N L P

Developed predictive modelling & analysis: probabilistic modelling, surrogate modelling optimization, unsupervised feature learning, scalable machine learning ; Formulated scalable algorithm with mixed integer program to handle numerical features and regression problems with binary classification with categorical features ; Developed a non-intrusive health monitoring robot prototype on the Raspberry Pi3 (Python); Trained classifiers to implement facial recognition on python (OpenCV) ; Implemented facial feature detection (OpenCV) to gather pulse and heart rates from head motions (Human heart Pulse rate monitoring from Head Motions/Vibrations) ; Deployed Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR), Machine Translation (MT), Natural Language Understanding (NLU), Dialogue Management(DM), Text-to-Speech(TTS), Audio Signal Processing (ASP); Developed computational models and collaboration methods in cognitive neuroscience that improve our understanding of the sensorimotor system of virtual and augmented reality technologies ; Deployed CNN Acceleration and statistical modeling for Real-time Markerless Motion Capture, tracking of sensor fusion algorithm for multi-modal high fidelity face modelling (photometric reconstruction), face movement prediction with perceptual convoluted control loops, geometrical modeling and non-linear optimization, tracking of compact representation of high-dimensional functions ; Prototyped advance computer vision algorithms for real-time and offline SLAM, sensor fusion, motion structure fr, visual odometry, sensor/display calibration, 3D reconstruction and relocalization, SFM, calibratio

myPublications

AFM - Performance management Approach
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/AFM%20-%20Performance%20management%20Approach_2011%20.pdf

Adani - Value Based Business Process Design Financials
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/Adani%20-%20Value%20Based%20Business%20Process%20Design%20Financials-2011.pdf

CCM - Executive DashBoard - Process Design
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/CCM%20-%20Executive%20DashBoard%20-%20Process%20Design%20Review.pdf

EurekaForbes - SAP CRM MI SCM ValueProposition
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/EurekaForbes%20-%20SAP%20CRM%20MI%20SCM%20ValueProposition%20-%20Board%20presentation%20(Annexures).pdf

EurekaForbes - SAP CRM MI SCM ValueProposition
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/EurekaForbes%20-%20SAP%20CRM%20MI%20SCM%20ValueProposition%20-%20Board%20presentation(Ujjal).pdf

GMR - SAP CRM Solution Validation
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/GMR%20-%20SAP%20CRM%20Solution%20Validation%20Workshop.pdf

ITC WG - SAP HOSPITALITY SOLUTION APPROACH NOTE BACK OFFICE INTEGRATION (HTNG) COMPLIANT
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/ITC%20WG%20-%20SAP%20HOSPITALITY%20SOLUTION%20APPROACH%20NOTE%20BACK%20OFFICE%20INTEGRATION%20%20(HTNG)%20COMPLIANT.pdf

RIL - MDM Master Data Object Management
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/RIL%20-%20MDM%20Master%20Data%20Object%20Management.pdf

RIL - SAP BPM Business Process Management
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/RIL%20-%20SAP%20BPM%20Business%20Process%20Management.pdf

RIL - SAP O&G Industry Bluebook
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/RIL%20-%20SAP%20O%26G%20Industry%20Bluebook%20(Ujjal%20Chakraborty).pdf

Unilever - Global NG DMS (NextGen Distributor Mgmt Sys) Program DeBrief
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/Unilever%20-%20Global%20NG%20DMS%20(NextGen%20Distributor%20Mgmt%20Sys)%20Program%20DeBrief.pdf

Unilever - Mobility PoC
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/Unilever%20-%20Mobility%20PoC%20_%202011.pdf

Unilever - Mobility Solution & Fitgap
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/Unilever%20-%20Mobility%20Solution%20%26%20Fitgap-2011.pdf

Unilever - NG DMS B1 Offline Solution DeBrief
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/Unilever%20-%20NG%20DMS%20B1%20Offline%20Solution%20DeBrief.pdf

United Tractors - Business Process ReEngineering
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/United%20Tractors%20-%20Business%20Process%20ReEngineering_2011.pdf

United Tractors - Strategy & BPR
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/United%20Tractors%20-%20Strategy%20%26%20BPR%20Executive%20Workshop_2011.pdf

RIL - Business Transformation with SAP O&G Best Business Practices{Vol 1]
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/Z01%20RIL%20Executive%20Board%20Presentation%20-%20Business%20Transformation%20with%20SAP%20O%26G%20Best%20Business%20Practices%7BVol%201%5D.pdf

RIL - Business Transformation with SAP O&G Best Business Practices{Vol 2 Part A]
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/Z02A%20RIL%20Executive%20Board%20Presentation%20-%20Business%20Transformation%20with%20SAP%20O%26G%20Best%20Business%20Practices%7BVol%202%20Part%20A%5D.pdf

RIL - Business Transformation with SAP O&G Best Business Practices{Vol 2 Part B]
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/Z02B%20RIL%20Executive%20Board%20Presentation%20-%20Business%20Transformation%20with%20SAP%20O%26G%20Best%20Business%20Practices%7BVol%202%20Part%20B%5D.pdf

RIL - Business Transformation with SAP O&G Best Business Practices{Vol 2 Part C]
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/Z02C%20RIL%20Executive%20Board%20Presentation%20-%20Business%20Transformation%20with%20SAP%20O%26G%20Best%20Business%20Practices%7BVol%202%20Part%20C%5D.pdf

RIL - Business Transformation with SAP O&G Best Business Practices{Vol 3]
https://github.com/cujjal/myPublication/blob/master/Z03%20RIL%20Executive%20Board%20Presentation%20-%20Business%20Transformation%20with%20SAP%20O%26G%20Best%20Business%20Practices%7BVol%203%5D.pdf

Q E D ...
